Q)why Spring frame work coming into picture?
A)
1) Java Developement was Too complex
( Before spring , enterprise Java apps used EJB containers ,which were:
    .Very heavyweight
    .Required complex XML configuration
    .Needed appliclation servers like Weblogic, WebSphere
    .Hard to test and maintain)
    Spring solves all the above problems
2) To Provide Lightweight Development
 Spring introduced:
 .POJOs
 .No need for heavy server
 .Easy and fast development
and so many.....

In single line - Spring came into picture to make java development simple,LEIGHTWEIGHT, FAST and Flexible by IOc and
Dependency Injection(DI)


Q) what is IOC?
A)IOC - Inversion of control, which means it control the bean(Object) life cycle(creating , managing , destroying)

Here you can imagine there is IOC container which stores the all the beans

Q) What is dependency Injection?
A) Dependency injection is pattern or technique where Spring injects(provides) the required objects into a class,
instead of te class creating them itself

(By using @Autowired annotation you can achieve this)


Total we have 2 type based spring framework
1st one is xml based and
2nd one is java based

---------XML BASED------------
IN General we have different types beans scopes, but we will discuss only two
1) single tone (By default single is assigned to bean, it allows creating only single bean and when ClasspathXml is called
automatically object will be created)
2)Prototype(It allows to create multiple beans, and it will created only when call getBean() method.

Setter Injection----------
By using property attribute in bean we can set the value for a particular var by default
By using constructor-arg we call the parametarized constructor by providing the value and by using index/type we can
maintain the order
--> Autowired byName or byType we can inject the objects into class
By using lazy-init it will create the bean only when it requires


----------------------------------------------

-->Java Based config Here we will use AnnotationConfigApplicationContext class to store the beans asn we will create one
config class
--> The config class is annotated with @configuration which is used to define spring configuration class.
--> @Configuration tells Spring that tha class contains bean definitions and should be processed by the Spring container.
--> @Bean is used to define the bean in the config class
--> By using @Scope annotation we define the scope of the bean.
--> By using @Qualifier we can explicitly ref to the particular bean
--> By using @primary annotation we give the priority to the bean
--> @Component annotation is used to tells Spring needs to handle that particular class
--> @ComponentScan(package) will create beans based on the which class has @Component
--> @Autowired is used to inject one object into another automatically by Spring. This is part of Dependency Injection
--> if you mention primary and qualifier , qualifier takes first
--> By using @Value we set the values from the property files.